docs: Add to the documentation examples of login with `HttpCrawler` and PlaywrightCrawler`` (#1142)
apify/crawlee-python: docs/examples/crawler_login.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: Also wondering whether this is more of an example or a guide?

Reviewer 2: I think a guide would work better. Over time, we should probably add more examples to this page (describe different approaches) and explain things in a bit more detail.

id: crawler-login
title: Crawler Login
---

import ApiLink from '@site/src/components/ApiLink';
import RunnableCodeBlock from '@site/src/components/RunnableCodeBlock';

import PlaywrightLogin from '!!raw-loader!roa-loader!./code_examples/playwright_login.py';
import HttpLogin from '!!raw-loader!roa-loader!./code_examples/http_login.py';

This example demonstrates how to implement login functionality with <ApiLink to="class/PlaywrightCrawler">`PlaywrightCrawler`</ApiLink> and <ApiLink to="class/HttpCrawler">`HttpCrawler`</ApiLink>.

> When you need to authenticate on a website, you typically want to use only one <ApiLink to="class/Session">`Session`</ApiLink> throughout the crawl. This requires additional configuration of the <ApiLink to="class/SessionPool">`SessionPool`</ApiLink>. Learn more in the [session management guide](../guides/session-management).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you need to authenticate on a website, you typically want to use the same <ApiLink to="class/Session">`Session`</ApiLink> throughout the crawl. This requires additional configuration of the <ApiLink to="class/SessionPool">`SessionPool`</ApiLink>. Learn more in the [session management guide](../guides/session-management).
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should also give a hint on how to have multiple sessions with different credentials, for example? Like, just a single sentence about new_session_function probably.
